hey guys it's me again to do another
review of an older Kato of model
production again but this time it is not
the c-44 - 9 w in CSX this time it is an
e this time it is a General Motors or
EMD SD 40 - 2 with the snoot nose this
is one of Cato's older production runs
and they made these locomotives so
several years ago about eight or ten
years ago and I just got it a few days
ago at a very good price and if you turn
it around it is there it is
eeehm DSD 42 with the snoot nose and
it's Union Pacific number three three
seven nine so I have the other road
number which is it's a different road
number than this one here and if you
open it up here there we go the
locomotives not in the box right now but
the horns are just taped over here the
locomotive would rest in here and
there's the instructions with the parts
and everything in there no parts
information the other pages will tell
you where they're supposed to go and
yeah let's put it here and there's the
parts handrails brake wheel truck
details Road numbers to put it on there
yeah it's pretty nice these locomotives
are supposed to sell for a hundred and
thirty five dollars but I got this one
here from the train show here for only
$80 and it was never been ran and here
is the locomotive right here it's really
nice it's not as highly detailed as some
of
Cotto's older newer sorry newer
production runs because this is an older
one I still get to put the handrails and
the horn and grab irons on this
locomotive here yeah but it's pretty
nice snowplow is already here
but I purchased the other road number
two this locomotive about a over a year
ago and I actually paid more money than
$80 I think it was about I had to pay a
full hundred and thirty-five plus
shipping so this was an absolute bargain
let's turn it around yeah it's pretty
good yeah so I chose this locomotive
because the guy there was selling off
stock from a hobby store that had gone
out of business years ago and he had a
few other he had a few other of the he
had he had another one of these exactly
the same model in BNSF and another one
in Santa Fe I already had those exact
same ones he also had a regular SD 40 in
Montana rail link also a Cato model but
I declined and I got this one because
it's the only the only one that I liked
that I didn't have he also even had an
undecorated model but I decided to pass
yeah it's a really good locomotive it's
really really nice it has it does have
well actually it's not very light it
does have weight so it will pull what
you want it to pull so it will work for
you and I'll keep the cup I might switch
this to Cady and I might DCC it later on
but yeah it's a really nice locomotive
I'm also trying to find a Canadian
Pacific SD 40 member 55 59 which is
another locomotive that Cato produced
and so hopefully one day I'll find it
and also the BNSF AC 4400 number 56 24
which I still can't find it
and but maybe I'll have to do without
those models and get the newer Kato
stuff that they're going to be making
later this year and next year because
Kato is going to be redoing the AC 4400
and the SD 90s in a Cho scale which is
really nice but the price is going to be
about 185 to 200 dollars I'll just take
a rooftop view yeah but it's a really
nice model that but thank you for
watching leave your comments below okay
take two you take care see you bye